- Hello?
- Wanna have fun?
- Who is this?
- Tell me your name and I'll tell you mine.
I don't think so.
- What's that noise?
- Oops. I farted.
- I didn't think you would hear me.
- No, that popping noise.
Oh! I'm making popcorn.
I'm getting ready to watch a video.
- Ooh! What is it?
- It's just a scary movie.
- Do you like scary movies?
- Mm-hm.
- What's your favourite?
- Mm, I don't know.
Think.
Oh, I know. Kazaam - you know,
the one where Shaq plays a genie?
- That's not a horror movie.
- Well, you haven't seen Shaq act.
- Hey, you have a nice voice.
- Thanks.
You never did tell me your name.
Why do you wanna know my name?
Cos I wanna know who I'm looking at.
What... what did you say?
Nice breasts.
Look, what do you want?
I wanna see
what your insides look like.
Well, then turn to page 54.
Oh.
Hey, nice!
Listen, asshole, you've had your fun.
- Now you'd better stop, or else.
- Or else what?
Or else my boyfriend's gonna be here any
minute. He's black, and he'll kick your ass.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
The one who wears makeup
and dresses like a woman?
- How did you know?
- Turn the porch lights on.
Help! Help!
Oh, that's not my boyfriend.
I've fucked him a couple of times,
but that's it.
- Look, I'm calling the cops.
- Go ahead. Call the cops.
But you might wanna
check the back door first.
You forgot to lock it.
Take that, you psycho!
I can't feel my legs.
I think my arm is broken.
- Sorry.
- I want my mommy.
Hello, Drew.
Oh, God!
No!
Hm?
Daddy! Daddy!
Ugh!
Daddy!
Daddy, no! No!
- Did you hear something?
- No, I didn't hear anything.
Bobby! What are you doing?
My dad's in the other room.
It occurred to me
I never climbed through your window.
Now that you got it out of your system,
Bobby, you got to leave.
Why?
Shh. Come on.
What's going on in there?
Agh! Ow!
Daddy's head is stuck.
Unstick Daddy's head. Ohh!
- Dad, can you knock?
- Knock?
- I thought I heard screaming in here.
- No. No, you didn't, Dad.
It could've been that crack
I smoked earlier, I guess.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that's what it was.
I gotta leave town for a couple of days - that
business I started with the Colombians.
- Oh, you mean Uncle Escobar.
- Yeah, that's right.
There's a problem.
Some money went missing.
Apparently, legs are gonna get broken.
It's better if I lay low for a couple of days.
- If the cops raid the place...
- I never heard of you.
- And don't forget...
- To flush your stash.
Oh, you are my little girl.
I love you so much...
- I left you something in the coffee can.
- Dad.
But you have to remember to step on it
before you sell it.
- Now, what are you gonna cut it with?
- Um, baking...
Baking soda.
Not baking powder.
Because baking powder guys
will have muffins growing out of their nose.
You love that joke, don't you? You've loved
that joke since you were two years old.
- OK, well...
- OK, I love you.
- I love you.
- Have a good trip.
- Bye.
Is the coast clear?
Oh, Cindy, that nightgown!
That was close. God!
I was, uh, home watching The Exorcist,
and it got me thinking about you.
If this is about the time I puked green slime
and masturbated with a crucifix...
It was my first keg party, Bobby.
No. No.
It was edited for TV.
All the good stuff was cutout.
So you thought you would
just climb through my window
and we would play bump-bump?
I was kind of hoping
to get my balls licked,
but I wouldn't wanna break
your little underwear rule.
So maybe just some
on-top-of-the-clothes type stuff?
OK.
But just for a minute.
What the...?
Wrong set.
Bobby...
Oh, Bobby...
- No, Bobby, don't.
- Ow!
Jeez.
- I see.
- Yeah, my dad.
OK, stud...
you have to go now.
Oh, um, about the sex stuff?
I was only half serious.
I don't wanna rush you.
Hey, would you settle for PG-13?
What's that?
Oh, jeez!
Good night, Bobby.
Shorty, you are so loud!
Make sure you take
your behind to class today.
- I do be going to class.
- Lunch is not a class, Shorty.
It is when you got the munchies.
- See, that's why you such a dumbass.
- Your mother.
You my brother.
That's your mother too, jackass.
Oh, yeah.
Well, then, your father's stupid.
So? I don't know him.
Yeah, me neither.
- Hey, girl, you ready?
- Yeah, in a minute.
- Come on, we're gonna be late.
- Wait. There's Buffy.
I don't know why you hang out with her.
She is such a ho!
- Why do you say that?
- Cos I've seen her.
- My friend Sean had a pool party...
- Sean?
You know, Puff Daddy?
Anyway, everybody was drinking
Cristal champagne.
Then it got wild,
and people were getting freaky in the pool.
I look over, and there was your girl
getting buck-wild in the Jacuzzi.
- So?
- With a backup dancer!
I mean, that's nasty.
That's lower than the security guard.
At least security can get you backstage.
She don't love herself.
- Bye, Daddy.
- I don't know. I think Buffy's sweet, Brenda.
She is as fake as press-on nails.
- Hey, baby girl!
- Hi. Hi.
What is up, my sister?
- Bye, Mr Gilmore.
- Bye!
- Is he gone?
- Yep.
Hey, Cindy!
- I love this colour.
- Let me see that.
Oh, you guys should not use this brand.
- Why not?
- Cos they test their products on animals.
- So?
- Look.
Have you seen what they do
to those poor animals?
Well, I am much more
of a people person.
I'd like to feed all the hungry
little children of the world.
- I'd rather help my fellow man...
- Spare a dollar?
- Get away from me, you burn!
- Buffy!
Can't you see he's just hungry?
Here you go, sir.
A nice sandwich.
- See?
- I said a dollar, bitch!
Ow!
God! Look at this place.
It's a circus.
Hello. I'm Gail Hailstorm, author of
the book You're Dead, I'm Rich.
A small college town is in shock
after the unthinkable has happened:
a brutal killing spree
that left one teen dead...
That's it! ..Two teens dead,
and this small town
shaken and stirred.
- It's times like these...
- Police are combing the area for clues.
There are no witnesses
available at this time.
There are no suspects in custody.
Police are asking anyone...
Reporting live for Black TV. White folks are
dead, and we're getting the fuck outta here!
Grab your shit and let's go, motherfucker!
Let's go!
Hey, do you think the press
is gonna wanna talk to us?
Oh, no. The press only wants to interview
the most ignorant person they can find.
I'm on TV! Oh, shit!
First Cops, now this!
I'm gonna be a star!
- What can you tell us about Drew?
- Well, she had the phat ass.
- I mean, it was, like, bang!
- How close were you to the victim?
Real close. Until the roofies were off. She
woke up talking about pressing charges,
so I pulled my tongue
out of her ass and left.
What would have been
your last words to Drew?
Run, bitch! Run!
Hey, yo, dog.
Does this shirt make me look gay?
No, man.
- What about now?
- Nah.
- Cool?
- Yeah.
Don't forget: election's Tuesday.
Oh! Goddammit!
Son of a bitch!
What's the matter, honey?
My report card.
Well, at least you got one "A".
- Yeah. I did, huh?
- Yeah.
You're so smart.
- Hey, has anybody seen Bobby?
- Nah.
You know what?
That kid is always late.
I don't get it.
He lives so close.
See you later,
Hairy Mama, Bubba, Jim,
Big Jim, Little Jim,
Slim Jim, everybody.
I'll see you later.
Ciao, Ding. All right.
Damn, girl.
Mm-mm-mm.
- I'd sure like to get in your pants.
- Really?
Yeah. What size are these?
- Hey, guys.
- Hey, Bobby.
Hey, baby.
- How you doing?
- Good.
You guys see all the reporters out there?
Saying that girl Drew Decker
got killed last night.
- You know what? I think I knew her.
- Really?
- She had a brother named Steve?
- Yeah.
Long hair, pretty little mouth,
perfect ass?
- That was her.
- Nah, I was talking about Steve.
Whatever happened to him?
Do you guys think it's strange
that she got killed
exactly one year after we,
you know, killed that guy?
Hey! Cindy,
that was an accident.
Was it, Greg?
Yeah! Yeah!
Would you look
at what they're doing?
When are we gonna do
stuff like that, huh?
One day.
- You like that, baby?
- Yeah, that's different.
- You like that?
- Oh, I love that.
Oh, I love when you play with my ass.
I'm not playing with your ass.
- Ray!
- Oh, my bad.
Come on, man!
Hey, Bobby, put on some music.
Hold on.
Here, put this on.
Yeah, that's the shit right here! Whoo!
It's raining men
Baby!
What? It's a classic.
Put on the radio, man.
Yeah! Whoo!
- What? It was laundry day.
- What the fuck is...?
Yeah!
Whoo!
Hey, come over here.
- What?
- Just get a little closer to me.
Something you're gonna tell me?
- Bobby, what are you doing?
- I just want you to touch it.
- Uh...
- Just a little bit. Come on.
Whoo!
- Ow!
- Oh, yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Oh, my God! Shit!
God, Cindy...
Oh, shit!
- Oh, my God.
- What was that?
I think we hit something.
Oh, man!
Bobby, look at my car, man!
My dad's gonna freak!
I didn't see it.
It came out of nowhere.
- Oh, my God, we hit a boot!
- Where's the foot?
I don't know.
Where the...?
Agh, it's a body!
- Oh, shit. Is he alive?
- I don't know.
- Well, check it out!
- I can't.
- Shit!
- We have to call the police.
- No way. I ain't going to jail.
- We have to!
Hey, Cindy, do you know
what they do to young boys in prison?
All those sex-starved convicts
just waiting for a fresh piece of meat.
- Maybe we should call the police.
- Yeah, that's a great idea.
What about Brenda?
Think she wants to go to jail?
This is manslaughter.
We're all gonna fry for this.
- We're looking at 10 to 15 years.
- Shut up, Bobby!
- Alcohol all over...
- I'm fine.
- We're in so much trouble.
Don't blame it on me, Ray.
- Look, we'll get rid of the body.
- Unnecessary.
- We'll dump him in the ocean.
- No, the pier.
- I'll be leaving now.
- Great idea.
- What about the alcohol?
- We'll get rid of it.
- Hurry up, let's go.
- Put him in the trunk.
- I won't have anything to do with it!
- Shut up!
Cindy, come on.
We'll just pretend it never happened.
You know, like the time we got drunk
and we went down on each other.
- I'll get his arm.
- I'll grab his other arm.
I'll grab his ass.
We'll take him to Williamson Cove
and dump him.
The sharks'll take care
of the evidence.
Oh, my God, someone's coming!
- Oh, shit. It's Shorty.
- Brenda, take care of him.
Shorty, I know you ain't driving
without no papers.
I got papers, blunts, bongs -
all the ingredients
to make a high-nigger pie.
- Hey, yo, can I help you?
- Yo, what's up, Ray?
- Yo, son, y'all need jumper cables?
- Nah, we're cool.
Oh, good, cos I left
my roach clip at home.
- Go home, Shorty.
- Yeah. I'll see you later.
Peace, Ray.
- Get the trunk closed.
- It won't close.
I'll do it.
Hold on, hold on.
Put him down - he's heavy.
Oh, Jesus!
OK, look. On three,
we dump him over the ledge.
Wait. Shouldn't we
at least check his wallet?
- For what?
- Shit, he might have some money.
We already committed murder.
We might as well rob his ass.
- Credit cards.
- Jewellery.
I'm gonna take his drawers.
Hey, yo, get off!
His drawers are mine! Yo!
- I got me a gold ring.
- Credit cards.
- All right, let's get him in the water.
- I don't think I can, Greg.
- It's not too late.
- Shut up, OK?
- Christ, already! I'll do it.
- Just get him in the water.
OK? One, two,
three.
Right now we make a pact.
We take this to our grave.
- Agreed?
- Agreed.
Say it, Cindy. Say it!
"We take this to our grave" - say it!
- Greg, chill. You're hurting her.
- We take this to our grave.
Ow!
- And we never mention this again.
- Mention what?
The guy we just killed!
- Well, you just mentioned it, Greg.
- Starting now!
- Stupid bitch, man.
- God, I hate him.
It's gonna be OK, baby.
It's gonna be OK. I promise.
Just touch it again.
Come on. Please?
You have to move on, Cindy.
That's all behind us now.
Exactly. It's a coincidence.
Greg's right, Cindy. I mean,
What do you think we're in, a horror movie?
Yeah, you guys are right.
If we were,
they'd probably cast some dingbat
like Jennifer Love Huge Tits to play me.
Yeah, or they'd cast people in
their late twenties, early thirties to play us.
Kenny, get the camera ready.
Here, hold my gum.
- Hi. Sheriff, can I get a statement?
- No comment.
Damn! Who do I have to screw
around here to get a stupid story?
Hey! Hey, no running!
Loser.
- Slow it down!
- Blow me!
All right!
Hi. Gail Hailstorm -
field reporter, Hard Story.
- Special Officer Doofy.
- Hi, Doofy.
Doofy, listen.
Is there a problem on campus?
- No comment. No comment.
- OK. OK.
You know, you look awfully young
to be a police officer.
- I'm 25 and a half years old.
- Ooh!
- Yeah, that's this many.
- Ah, so big!
Yeah. That's big.
Well, you don't look a day over 12.
Except for the big head
and glazed-over look in your eyes.
- Ooh, was that drool?
- Yeah. I forgot to swallow.
Don't worry, cos I never forget.
- Remind me not to do that again.
- Sorry.
Due to the recent tragedy,
we will be questioning all students.
Sounds like we've got
a serial killer on our hands.
I'm not supposed to say.
It's official police business.
Hey, Doofy, what do you say
you and I go inside my van over there
and get to know each other a little better?
Would you like that?
- That van?
- Yeah, that van right there.
Yeah. Yeah, OK, let's go.
Come on.
A terrible tragedy
and an unbearable loss.
It's days like today
that we need prayer in school.
It starts to unravel
the very moral fabric of our society.
Here you go, baby.
Go to your daddy.
Oh!
I'll see you after class.
- Sweet!
- All right!
OK, class, who would like to give
their oral presentation first?
- Oh!
- Anybody?
- Yes!
- Anybody else?
OK, Heather.
Yes!
- OK. Can I start?
- Yeah.
OK, my presentation
is on the First Amendment,
and it began on May 25th, 1787,
in Philly with George Washington,
and it states, and I quote:
"When our Founding Fathers
argued the passage of our glorious..."
The First Amendment gives us the right
to say what we want...
Oh, shut the fuck up!
So, who's next?
Uh, Cindy Campbell.
Isn't she the daughter of...?
Well, you know...
- Oh, yeah, you know, Mrs...
- Mrs...
Yeah, the one and only...
The one and only.
- Why, hello, Cindy.
- Hi, Principal Squiggman.
- Thanks, Doofy.
- It's Special Officer Doofy today, Cind.
Now, the sheriff has some questions
that he would like to ask you today.
- What is that... that god-awful smell?
- I don't know.
I go poopie.
Did you just say that you, uh...
you went poopie?
- Yeah. It was good.
- Mm.
- Get him out of here.
- Yes.
- Thank you, Doofy.
- OK.
You should now go back
to Special Ed.
- OK. Salute.
- Maybe a change of underwear, son.
- Bye, Doofy.
- Bye, Cind.
- How are you, Cindy?
- Fine.
- How are you, Sheriff?
- Bloated, constipated.
Got a boil on my ass the size of a walnut.
You know, the usual.
Cindy, I want to ask you
some questions about Drew Decker.
- I didn't really know her.
- Come on, sure you did.
No. I mean,
I didn't really know her.
I've been in this game a long time. Don't
bullshit a bullshitter. Tell me about Drew.
What was she like in bed, Cindy?
Ha! Tried to get you.
It's an old police trick.
You didn't fall for it. Good for you, kid.
Hike!
Pass! Pass!
All right, shower up!
Yes!
Yo, Dugan, man.
Nice play, yo. Word up.
Johnson! What a block, baby. Word up.
Woodward! Nice ass.
Damn!
Yo, Greg, what's up?
You gonna hit the showers or what?
No, man. I think I'm gonna work out,
beat the bag a little.
Suit yourself, kid.
All right!
Last one in the shower's a rotten egg!
Come on, y'all.
I'm gonna get y'all.
Don't let Uncle Ray catch you!
Who did this? Huh?
Where are you?
This isn't funny, all right?
A small dick's like a disability, man!
Would you make fun of a guy
in a wheelchair? Huh? Would you?
Come on out here, you sick fuck!
I'll kick the shit out of you right now!
All right?
It's not the size of the hammer,
it's the nail you're throwing it at!
It's a shame how she died.
She was such a nice girl.
She used to baby-sit my brother Doofy.
He had the biggest crush on her.
Ray, you're a dead man!
- Hey, hey, hey, hey. Chill out.
- You wanna get butt-naked and wrestle?
- Bring it on, Ray!
- Hold my earrings. Where's my Vaseline?
- Take it easy. What's the problem?
- I'll show you the problem.
Oh, wow! That's you?
They... they turned the hot water off
in the showers, all right?
Laugh it up, you guys.
Big laugh.
You know what?
You can all go to hell!
Greg, you're not the only one
who got one.
You mean
Bobby's got a baby dick, too?
No, I was talking about the note.
I got one, too.
- Somebody knows.
- That's bullshit, Cindy.
Someone's just trying
to fuck with us.
We have to call the police, Greg.
You call the police,
and I'll kill you myself.
- You're hurting her, man.
- You know what? That goes for all of you.
That psycho wants a piece of me,
bring it on!
But I'm not going to jail.
You got that?
What's everybody talking about?
Just forget it, Shorty.
You already know too much.
Aren't they beautiful?
- Buffy!
- Contestant number one!
Very good.
And contestant number two.
And contestant number three.
Buffy! That's my girl!
- That's my girlfriend!
- Yeah, that's my girlfriend too!
- Hey, kiss my ass!
- Yeah, I'm hitting that too!
- All right, Buffy!
- Hey, shut the hell up, man!
- Yeah, best pussy I ever had!
- What, you want a piece of me?
Now the talent portion
of the competition.
Oh, you guys, I'm gonna go downstairs
for a closer seat. See you after the show.
Number three, Buffy Gilmore.
I'm gonna hit the head.
Want anything?
No, I'm good, man.
But hurry, she's gonna perform.
Don't worry, I'll be back.
Good evening, Buffy.
And what will be your talent this evening?
Acting. I'll be doing
a dramatic reading.
Hear, hear!
Buffy Gilmore,
doing a dramatic reading.
Hey, do that thing from Baywatch.
She's running down the beach...
Look out, Greg!
Look behind you!
It's him! It's the killer!
Huh?
Oh, my God!
Somebody do something!
He's killing him!
- He's killing him!
- Must be an original piece.
He's killing him!
She's good. She's good.
- What's wrong with you people?
- That's fantastic.
You fucking bastards!
Why won't anyone help?
- Amazing.
- She's the next Pamela Lee.
Oh, God...
Oh, God! No!
Greg, don't die!
Give it up for Buffy Gilmore!
Wonderful!
Absolutely fantastic!
I think we have a winner, ladies
and gentlemen. Miss Buffy Gilmore!
Buffy, wait!
You have to go back on stage.
- I have to get to Greg.
- You won! They're calling your name.
There's a killer... I won?
- They're calling your name. Go.
- What about Greg?
- Fuck Greg! I won!
- Congratulations!
Out of my way, loser!
Miss Buffy Gilmore!
Give me my crown, bitch.
Agh!
- There's no sign of him anywhere.
- He could've taken the body.
That's impossible.
There's no blood, nothing. Look around.
I bet it's just Greg
playing one of his dumb jokes.
He'll turn up, I'm sure of it. He's probably
at my house waiting for us right now.
All right. But I'm gonna look around some
more, so you mind riding home with Buffy?
- Yeah, no problem.
- All right, fine.
Call me later.
- Hello.
- Hello, Cindy.
- Who is this?
- It's me, Bobby.
You know, your boyfriend.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I guess I'm a little jumpy lately.
- Hey, any sign of Greg?
- No.
- Do you want me to come by?
I'm just gonna take a bath
and then I'm gonna go to bed.
OK. I'd really like to see you, but...
I love you.
Aw...
I love you too, baby.
Bobby, I told you...
I still know what you did last Halloween.
Who is this?
Ow! Ow!
- Hello.
- I'm gonna kill you.
- I'm gonna slice you up.
- Who is this?
- I'm gonna chop you like liver.
- What do you want?
I'm in the house.
Do you know where I am?
I could be anywhere.
I'm like the wind, baby.
Yeah...
Where am I?
Um...
You're... you're behind the couch.
What? How do you know that?
I can see your feet.
Ach...
OK, turn around.
Close your eyes. No peeking.
Yeah. No. No, no.
Hey, no peeking. Turn around.
Good.
OK, now you can look.
Now do you know where I am?
You don't.
No, Mr Killer,
I don't know where you are.
I'll give you a big clue.
Oh! I gotta stop drinking.
- Grandma!
- Hi, baby.
Oh, my hip!
White woman in trouble off the 744...
Are you OK? I heard screaming.
What's going on?
- Bobby! He was here!
- Shh...
- The killer was here, Bobby.
- It's OK.
- I can explain that.
- Oh, my God...
A friend gave 'em to me.
Cindy... Cindy...
Cindy! Cindy!
Cindy! Cindy! Cindy!
It's me, Cind. Ugh!
Cindy, you know me! Cindy!
I know you've had a rough night,
so I won't keep you.
I just want you to look at some photos,
tell me what you think.
Uh-uh.
- No?
- No.
- I'm sorry, Sheriff.
- You're sure?
OK, you're free to go.
Do you have somebody picking you up?
- Yeah.
- Oh, just...
Just check that one out again.
- Mm, no.
- No? Well, worth a shot. All right, thanks.
- Guess what I just did with those hookers.
- No way.
All the way, man! Yes, yes.
Watch this. Doofy!
- Yeah?
- Come on. Come on.
OK.
Special Officer Doofy reporting.
Hey, Doofy, smell my fingers.
What's that?
That's when you know
you've become a man, Doofy!
Hey, Terry, smell my finger.
- Ugh! What the hell is that?
- My ass.
- Get the hell out of here, Doofy.
- Doofy, Mom said get home now.
Tell Mom I'm on official police business.
- Cindy, are you OK?
- Hey, hey, hey. No talking to the witness.
- Go get in the car. She's coming with us.
- Does Mom know?
Yeah, Doofus.
Mom says when I wear this badge
you should treat me like a man of the law.
Mom also said for you to stop
sticking your dick in the vacuum cleaner.
OK, three, two...
- Oh, no... Gosh damn...
- What now?
- There's all these numbers...
- Can't you count?
- I can count, but...
- Let me make it easy for you. Listen up.
This little piggy went to market.
This little piggy stayed home.
Now, if this little piggy
doesn't roll the goddamn camera...
We're live, Gail.
Gail Hailstorm at the police station, where
I'll try to get a glimpse of Cindy Campbell,
the young girl
who was attacked earlier this evening...
- You're on my foot, fat shit! What'd I say?
- "Don't ever step on Gail's shoes."
- Why not?
- Cos Gail wears Prada shoes.
- You idiot.
- I'm a bad man.
Cindy! Cindy, can we get a statement?
Buffy Gilmore, Miss Teen.
She's not talking.
Is it true the police
have someone in custody?
- Come on, Cindy.
- Cindy, your ass looks fat!
Bitch!
- Nice shot!
- Come on.
- All right, who copped a feel?
- Gail, it was me.
- Oh, my God.
- It was an accident, Gail.
I only touched the top of the breast.
- It was so tender and juicy...
- Shut up!
- Yo.
- Hello, Shorty. What are you doing?
Nothin'. Sittin' here watchin' the game,
smokin' some bud.
Are you all alone?
- Wassup!
What the...? Who's that?
Yo, pick up the phone.
- Wassup!
Yo, Dookie, pick up the phone!
- Yo.
- Wassup!
- What you doin', son?
- Nothin'... Just chillin'... killin'...
True. True.
So you think Bobby did it?
I don't know.
But he was there, Buffy.
I knew there had to be something.
He's just too perfect.
Handsome, smart, good in bed...
- What did you say?
- Uh...
Hey, Cind.
Got you an ice pack for your hand.
Ow!
Sorry.
I'll get you one for your head.
No, no, that's OK, Doofy.
Hey, we're gonna get that guy
you dumped in the water. Yeah.
I'll be next door if you need me.
Night, Cind.
Buffy, you told him?
The moron overheard a conversation
Greg and I were having.
- Yeah, but what if he says something?
- Who'd believe a retarded retard like him?
Cindy, telephone.
Thank you.
Hello?
Hello, Cindy.
- Guess what.
- No!
- You got the wrong guy.
- Doofy!
- It's not Bobby.
Who is this?
- Doofy!
- Oh, my God...
Hello?
I said don't disturb me
when I'm cleaning my room!
I heard Bobby got out this morning.
I haven't seen him around.
Is he pissed?
You mean since you branded him
the Candy Man? No. His heart is broken.
Yo, son. It's like I seen this all before.
- They had a killer at your old high school?
- No, it was in this movie Scream.
- Same dialogue and everything. This is ill.
- How did it end?
I don't know. Some niggas started shooting
up in the movie theatre, so we broke out.
- No doubt.
- OK, I say we all just stick together.
Tonight everyone meet at my house.
And bring some friends.
But don't tell everyone. Keep it quiet.
OK.
Yo! Party at Cindy's house!
Drunk white women for everybody!
Ray, if you see Bobby,
tell him I love him.
OK. If I see Bobby,
I'll tell him I love him.
- Jesus!
- It's OK. It's all right. It's just me, baby.
- You don't still think it's me, do you?
- No. But somebody did try to kill me.
- And the police said I scared him away.
- I know. He called me last night.
So it couldn't have been me.
I was in jail last night, remember?
You're the best.
I'm sorry. Please understand.
What, that you'd rather
call me a killer than touch me?
- That's not true.
- Then what is it?
What is it?
She's gone and she's not coming back!
It's been over a year, Cindy.
But Ginger was such an important part
of the Spice Girls.
You gotta move on, baby.
I'm sorry if my complicated life
is an inconvenience
to your perfect existence.
Cindy...
Cind...
OK, everybody, listen up.
Let me just say, uh, the killing
of these teenagers has been tragic,
but, uh... hey, you know, shit happens.
Sheriff? Sheriff?
- Sheriff?
- Yes, Miss Thunderstorm.
- Have they found Cindy's father?
- No.
- Isn't he a suspect?
- That's classified. Where did you get that?
I'm sorry, but my sources
are strictly confidential, Sheriff.
Hey, Gail.
Gail swallows.
Watch this.
Hello?
Who is this?
What? You wanna kill me?
Oh, God... Hold on.
Cindy, it's for you.
All right, knock it off, Buffy.
As you'll all have heard,
there is a killer in town
and the police have asked us
to give you the following safety tips.
Stay in well-lit areas.
Do not travel alone whenever possible.
Always wipe front to back.
And remember,
never, ever believe someone
when they tell you that shaving your
pubic hair will rid you of crab infestation.
Now, I understand this is a difficult time
for you young ladies.
So if anyone needs to come to my office
to talk, I am here for you.
- What a crock of shit.
- It's not, Buffy! He's real!
Miss Mann?
Come in, dear. Have a seat.
Take off your bra if you'd like.
No, thanks.
What can I do for you, Cindy?
I need to talk.
See, I have this problem
and I don't know who to tell.
- Not feeling so fresh?
- Huh?
Feminine odour and itching
got you down?
Uh, no. No, not that.
Then what is it?
I have a terrible secret.
Well, Cindy, we all have our little secrets.
Sometimes we do things
we're not so proud of.
Some for money,
others to gain the athletic edge
on the competition.
Sometimes those secrets
come back to haunt us.
Agh!
- Do you know what I mean?
- Yes, I do, Miss Mann.
Thanks for ball... I mean all your help.
I have to go to class.
Any time, dear.
- Buffy, are you coming?
- I'll catch up with you guys in a sec.
Redrum.
Hello?
Is somebody there?
Agh!
Very funny.
Who put you up to this? Cindy?
Lose the cape - it's way too '903 horror.
Oh, so what movie is this from?
Die, Cheerleader, Die?
Wanna play psycho killer?
Can I be the helpless cheerleader?
Oh, so is this where
I'm supposed to beg for my life?
Please, Mr Killer, don't kill me.
So is this where I'm supposed to bleed?
Oh, look, I'm bleeding!
Eek! Eek!
Oh, yeah, I'm supposed to run, right?
OK. I'm running!
I'm running! Help!
Help! Now I'm gonna fall
and break my leg, leaving me helpless.
Agh!
There you go, Mr Scary Killer.
I'm panicking now.
Oh, God!
Somebody please help me!
Oh, God, no!
No!
Oh, now what?
I guess this is the big climax.
Hope you don't mind if I fake it.
Aaaaghhhh!
Oh, look at me. I'm all dead.
I'm a gross, scary severed head.
Come on. Please!
Do you know who I am? I'm Miss Teen.
You're really giving me a headache.
And you got blood on my Gucci sweater.
I hope you're gonna pay for that.
Agh! I will not be ignored
by the likes...
I'm gonna jump!
- Phil, get back in there.
- No!
- What are you doing up there?
- Be reasonable.
I can't take this fucking job or those
greasy shithead teenagers any more!
- I'm gonna end it all!
- Wait! Hold on! We're getting help for you!
We know Bobby's not the killer.
So who is?
I don't know.
If the killer was in your house,
why didn't he kill you then?
Because he's just messing with us.
Don't you see?
He's got us right where he wants us.
We can't go to the police. He's just
out there watching us and waiting for us.
What are you waiting for, huh?
What are you waiting for?
What am I waiting for?
- What are you waiting for?
- Fuck you!
Oh, my God!
Ray, I still don't think
this party is a good idea.
- I won't let nothin' happen to you.
- I just don't feel right.
- Why can't we just do something else?
- OK, how about we go to the movies?
Huh? You like that?
See a little movie, huh?
Hey! That is my song! You know they
gave me a shout-out on the album, right?
- What?
- Yes!
Ooh, Brenda.
Did I tell you how sexy you look
in my jersey?
- I do, Ray?
- Yes.
I like it. Hey, get up.
Go over there. Let me see it.
Ooh!
Yes, I like that.
- You like that? You like that?
- Yeah!
Hey, put this on with it.
- Ray, you are so freaky.
- That's right. You know I'm freaky, girl.
Go on. Pull it up.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ah, ahh!
- Aah!
- Yeah.
Here. Put this on with it.
Go on.
- Are you sure?
- Go on, girl. Go on. Pull it on.
- OK.
- Go on.
- I like that look.
- Ooh! I'm bad.
Yes. Here, put this on with it.
Go on, girl. Put it on.
Yeah. Put that shit on there.
Come on. Just shove it on.
Do it. Yeah.
Ooh, so fucking sexy.
Come here, girl. Bring your little sexy ass
over here. Come on! Full speed. Charge!
Yes! Yes! Come on! Turn around!
Turn around! Come on!
Yes, Brendan!
Take it, Brendan! Take it, Brendan!
- Who?
- Uh... Brenda.
Come on, put the helmet on.
No, let's role-play. Come on. You get me.
Come on! Come on!
I'm here at Lovers' Lookout.
It's dark, it's in the middle of nowhere,
and it's where hormone-driven teens
love to come and fool around.
So very likely we're about
to see someone get killed.
OK, sure enough, there's a girl in that car,
blouse unbuttoned, all alone.
Let's see if she'll have a word with us.
Hi. Gail Hailstorm,
author of the new book You're Next.
Oh, yeah.
- Can you tell us your name?
- My name's Heather.
Can you tell us
what you're doing out here all alone?
Well, yeah, sure. My boyfriend and I
were just, like, making out,
then we heard a noise
so he went to go check it, but...
- Well, that was, like, ten minutes ago.
- Yeah, yeah...
Has it crossed your little mind that
your boyfriend was probably murdered
and you're about
to be slaughtered next?
- Really? No way!
- Way.
- Heather, good luck.
- Thanks, Gail. You're the best.
Just as I thought!
The murder is happening as we speak!
I'll try and break into the bloodshed.
Are you getting this?
Excuse me. Heather, can you tell us
what you're feeling, honey?
Lots of pain. Gail, please help me!
Gail, please!
I'd like to help you out, kid, but it's sweeps.
Sir, sir, can I get a word with you?
You got a nerve coming here!
I'm just trying to do my job!
- Get the camera off me!
- No, Kenny, keep rolling!
I'm gonna slice your head off and shove it
up his ass. Get that camera off me!
Oh, my God, Kenny!
Kenny, move your fat ass!
Kenny!
Oh, God, he's right behind you!
This man is chasin' Miss Gail!
I am so scared right now.
I just want to say...
to the family
of my cameraman, Kenny...
I am so sorry.
This was my interview,
my story.
It's all my fault.
- You want some popcorn?
- Uh-uh.
I brought me a little snack of my own.
- You want some chicken?
- Nah.
Mm-hm.
For all y'all talkers up in here,
it's time to keep it down right now.
Shh.
"Shh" back at you. Shh!
Why they actin' already?
It ain't nothin' but the previews.
The largest ship
the world had ever known.
Its 400 passengers and crew
on a maiden voyage to a brave new world.
A journey that would
change their lives forever.
Whoo!
I'm the king of the world!
Whoo-hoo!
Whoo!
Aaargh!
- Amistad II.
- Get your ass back down there, boy!
- I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
- The movie about to come on.
I gotta go to the bathroom.
Here. Take your hot sauce.
Hurry up, man. Don't be long.
Back up! Let him through!
You can move back some.
You don't own the theatre.
And they're off! No.3 in the lead.
No.2 close behind.
And No.3 is the winner!
- Yeah, partner!
- No.2 has placed, and No.4 to show.
Next week's Triple Crown
starts at 2:30.
Hey, who was that?
Go ahead, do it again. Do it again.
Anon.
Nn. Nn-nn. Nn-nnn!
Don't go in there!
Lord, I'm gonna have a heart attack!
Damn, this is some scary shit!
Oh, I am scared! Oh!
Excuse me!
I think I paid my money
like everybody else up in here.
- Out of her favour...
- That ain't no man.
- You can see her real hair right there!
- Do you mind?
I know you better get outta my face!
Outta my face!
This is all me up in here.
You handle that.
- Will you shut the fuck up?
- Yeah!
Mm-mm.
This movie is good.
Hey, baby.
You came back just in time.
She's about to get it on
with Shakespeare.
- He found out she's a girl.
- Shut up.
Yeah, I got you.
I got you on camera.
You on Candid Camera now.
You ain't know that.
Hello?
Hey, girl. Uh-uh. I'm in a movie.
Shakespeare in Love.
Uh-uh. Ooh!
- You lyin'!
- For Christ's sake, just shut your trap!
- Shut up!
- Hold on.
I don't know why y'all is actin' like this.
My girlfriend said they don't
even stay together in the end.
Give me that.
Right on.
Will you sit down?
Shut up!
Your ass is grass.
- This is for Thelma!
- And Louise!
This is for talking through The Fugitive!
- You ruined Schindler's List!
- All Jackie Chan movies!
- Boogie Nights!
- And Big Momma 's House!
Aaaghh!
Um, you guys,
there's a few too many people.
Oh, honey, please don't throw up.
No, hey, you guys, stop.
Hey! Hey, please! That's my dad's!
- No, don't touch... Agh! No!
- Do you have more beer?
Um, yeah.
Uh, check in the garage.
No, no, no, no! No!
Oh! Kitty, you scared me.
Oh!
Horsey!
Oh, you scared me too.
Hello?
Who's there?
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Please don't.
Please! I'm just a day player.
Oh, my God!
Chug! Chug! Chug!
Chug! Chug! Chug! Chug!
Yeah! Yeah!
Oh, Bobby! Bobby.
I was worried about you.
I thought the killer got to you
before I could.
Could what?
I wanna go upstairs.
There's something I wanna show you.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Oh, yeah.
Hey, party on!
- So...
Here we are again.
Yeah.
And, you know, if you're not ready...
I'll understand.
Bobby.
I am ready.
- You are?
- Yeah.
I can't keep fighting these urges.
I have to just give in to them
and let them flow.
Right.
- Bobby?
- Huh?
I have been so selfish.
This is like a scene
from a movie or something.
Only it isn't a movie, Bobby.
This is real life.
It's all a movie, baby.
There's the sound guy, the script
supervisor. How you doin', baby?
- Bobby!
- What?
What I mean
is that in real life
you have to enjoy each moment.
Mm-hm.
Mmm! Oh!
Ow! Ow!
Bobby! Bobby!
Can I tell you a secret?
Sure, man.
I see dead people.
Man, this shit is awesome!
Yo, son, we gotta roll
some more of that shit!
Ah, Shit!
We don't have any more papers, man.
Don't have any more papers.
Oh, man!
What can we use to make a bong?
Toke! Toke! Toke!
Toke! Toke! Toke! Toke!
Yeah!
Oh, shit, son!
Toke! Toke! Toke! Toke! Toke!
Toke! Toke! Toke! Toke! Toke! To...
This is some good shit!
Bobby! I've never done this before.
It's OK. It's OK.
It's just like...
- It's like sucking on a Tootsie Roll Pop.
- A Tootsie Pop?
Yeah, a cherry-flavour one.
- Oh.
- With the fudge in the middle?
OK!
Just like that.
Just like that, baby.
Argh!
Oh! Jesus!
I never could wait
to get to the chewy middle.
You know what? Let me.
Goddamn!
Yeah! Guess it's been a while.
Oh! Oops!
It's very '70s of you.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, Bobby!
Come here, Bobby. I want it now!
- Oh, man, am I fuckin' stoned!
- Yeah, me too.
Hey. Hey, you guys hear that?
Oh!
Shh! Shh!
- Hello?
- Hello. What's your favourite scary movie?
Let me talk to her. Shh!
I'm gonna gut you like a pig!
Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!
What's my name, Bobby?
What?
- What's my name, bitch?
- Ow! God! It's Cindy!
Whose is it, Bobby?
It's yours.
Oh, my God!
Oh, shit!
Hey, yo, check it, yo.
- Whoo-hoo!
- I got one. I got one. Here it goes. Ready?
I'm gonna slash and gash,
out another hole in your ass
I spill blood on the walls,
then play tennis with your balls
If the phone rings, don't answer that call
Gonna slit your throat,
fuck you like a goat
Peel your foreskin off
and make a Winter coat
Peace!
Yo!
That was the illest rhyme
I ever seen, son!
Bobby?
- Where were you tonight?
- What?
I was just curious.
What took you so long to get here?
Why are you so curious?
I don't know.
I thought it would fit the '903 horror cliche
if you turned out to be the killer.
Oh, so, what?
You think I killed Buffy and Greg?
Buffy and Greg are dead?
- I thought you knew that.
- Oh, God!
Bobby, turn around! It's the killer!
Agh!
Cindy!
- Oh, my God! Bobby! Bobby!
- Cindy. Help me.
- Bobby, it's OK.
- Give me the gun. Give me the gun...
It's gonna be OK, Bobby.
Yo, wait for me.
There's a killer in the house!
There's ass, blood and guts everywhere.
Someone done gone crazy, son!
We all go a little crazy sometimes.
Bobby, no!
Oh, shit, son!
Oh! Oh, my God!
Cindy, he shot me in the lungs.
You wanna hit this shit?
Ketchup.
Just like my mom
puts on her spaghetti, baby.
Oh, my God! Ray, you've gotta help me!
Bobby's gone crazy!
Surprise!
Surprise, Cindy.
Why are you doing this, Bobby?
Why? Why?
You hear that, Ray?
I think she wants a motive.
- Did Scream have a plot?
- No!
Did I Know What You Did Last Summer
make any sense? Don't think so!
And the sequel?
What was with that fat Jamaican?
- I wanna kill that motherfucker.
- It was bad casting, Bobby.
How about this for a motive?
Lack of sex!
It can cause serious deviant behaviour.
- I thought you loved me.
- Oh, I did, baby. I did.
But abstinence makes you discover
new things about yourself.
That's right, Cindy. I'm gay.
And in case you haven't noticed, so is Ray.
What? I ain't gay.
- What? You took me to that club.
- So? They play good music.
- What about our trip to San Francisco?
- I wanted to go shopping.
- But you made love to me.
- No. First of all, you sucked my...
Whatever, Ray! I don't wanna talk about
this now. The point is, I'm a new man.
I'm ready to leave this behind
and start a new life.
- So you killed all your friends?
- Oh, no.
Just you.
And maybe Shorty,
but that wasn't planned.
But here's the genius part.
We're copycatting a serial killer
that already exists.
- It's the perfect crime, Cindy.
- But wait! There's more!
Hang on to your seat, baby,
cos this one's a screamer!
- I'll be back.
- Uh-oh.
Move your big ass. Come on.
Dad!
What are you gonna do, frame him?
Nah. We're just havin'
a little bit of fun with old daddio.
The police are gonna find
you and Daddy both dead,
and me and Ray are the only survivors
of a maniac's revenge.
- Ready?
- I'm ready to do this shit.
- Let's do this shit.
- Come on. Come on. All right.
- All right. Give it to me.
No! Wait, wait, wait.
- All right, ready? Let's do this.
- Wait, wait. Ready.
- Come on. Come on.
- Ready.
- Give it to me!
- No! Wait, wait, wait, wait!
- Remember what we said?
- How many times we gonna go over this?
I know. OK. Stop. Just...
Trust me, OK?
- I got this shit. Ready?
- Come on.
- Wait, wait!
- I'm about to cut your throat, boy!
Stop acting like a little girl. Come on!
- You're right.
- Come on! You ready?
No! You guys are psychos!
You've seen one too many TV shows!
No! Watching television shows
doesn't create psycho killers.
Cancelling TV shows does!
The Wayans Bros
was a good show, man!
It was a good-ass show,
and we didn't even get a final episode!
Take it easy.
I'm feelin' a little woozy here.
It's my turn.
Give me the knife.
Fuck outta here.
Ain't nobody stabbin' me.
Oh!
- Surprise, Cindy.
- Agh!
Yah!
Agh!
Ohh!
Yah!
All right, all right, all right.
Hold on a second.
Just give me a moment.
Agh. One...
That's it. Agh. OK.
Yah!
Dad!
Are you OK?
I thought I told you not to have a party
unless I was here.
But, Dad, you were here.
You were in the closet.
Oh, yeah, that's right. Did you get
some girlfriends' numbers for me?
- Dad, they're dead.
- Ah, you know, I can't get a break.
What's that? Is that the cops?
OK, OK, listen, honey.
Help me up now.
Uh, if the cops come,
tell 'em I'm a plumber, OK?
You had a leaky faucet and they sent
me over. We don't even know each other.
No! No!
Dad, get your arms down.
- What's goin' on?
- Sheriff, it's a bloodbath.
- He was right here! I swear it!
- Who was?
The killer!
The guy that murdered all my friends!
And the sick bastard planted drugs
all in the house there.
- All over the place.
- Dad. Stop it.
Cindy, I'm gonna have to take you
down to the station.
I'm cool, though, right? I'm OK?
- Let's go, Cindy.
- Cindy...
Call me. Call me.
Daddy'll get you out, honey.
OK.
Let's go over this again.
- You say it was an accident.
- Yes. He was on the road.
And he came back to get revenge?
- It has to be him, Sheriff.
- Here. They wanted me to give this to you.
- That'll be all, Doofy.
- OK. I'm gonna go, then.
- All right.
All right.
Night, Cind.
Sorry, Cindy.
It wasn't the man you guys killed.
He was David Keegan. Some fishermen
found his body a few weeks later.
- He's buried in Lakewood Cemetery.
- That's impossible.
- Then I don't know who it could be.
- He's gotta be connected with the victims.
Someone who knew about the accident,
who'd move round without being noticed.
Oh, my God.
She used to baby-sit my brother Doofy.
He had the biggest crush on her.
Agh! It's me, Cind.
Night, Cind.
- Doofy!
- Shithead?
- Have you seen Doofy?
- No.
- You seen Doofy?
- No, Sheriff.
- Has anybody seen Doofy?
- Yeah. He just went out the back, Sheriff.
Doofy!
No!
Shit, son. Yo, what the deal?
Yo, if y'all watchin' this tape right now,
that means I didn't make it.
Either I'm a prisoner, or worse, dead.
But either way it goes, I'm gonna tell y'all
the rules to survive this situation.
Rule number one: you gotta be quick.
Rule number two: don't fall down.
And rule number three:
whatever you do, never look back.
Y'all wish me luck.
Snatch and run, y'all!
Come back here, motherfuckers!
Son of a bitch!
Help! Help!
Run, bitch! Run!
This isn't easy for me.
I know we've been together a long time,
but I've found somebody else, OK?
I'm in love.
Don't look at me like that.
We can still be friends.
You can come into my room
whenever you want.
We just can't...
No.
No!
OK, just one time.
Yeah! That's it!
Whoo!